*dramatic music playing*
*fireplace crackles*
Elderly Men: This blade has a dark past.
Elderly Men: It has shed much innocent blood.
Elderly Men: You're a fool for traveling alone,
so completely unprepared.
*soup pouring sound*
Elderly Men: You're lucky your blood's still flowing.
Young Woman: Thank you.
Elderly Men: So...
Elderly Men: What brings you to
the land of the gatekeepers?
Young Woman: Ehm... I'm searching for someone.
Elderly Men: Someone very dear?
A kindred spirit?
Young Woman: A dragon.
*fire crackles*
Elderly Men: A dangerous quest for a lone hunter.
*ravens screaming*
Young Woman: I've been alone for
as long as I can remember.
*flies buzzing*
*loud dull noise*
*dragon screaming*
Young Woman: We're almost done. Shhh...